Basically, i want this project as enterprise fully functional software product build upon baileys web api bot. the idea is that, "When i launch this project into production, i expect user(customers) to be able to visit the site(UI), signup, see their dashboard(and all other pages too is initialize for that particular customer except the UIs sections which are waiting for the customer to initialize a personal bot so they can start reading real information from the bot), they initialize bot (with all their neccessary informations and scans qrcode or input code. premium customers can add up to two bots and they can also delete some), the now initialized bot is tied to that particular customer signed up workspace. Now, the bot starts to work(per the free tier plan with limited features until they upgrage) for the customer. Every other services (AI, database, caching, worker, and all other services) should work accordingly and should be reasonable for tier plans. The customer can prepare messages/media/docs/campaign templates/marketing messages/etc, make the bot send messages messages/media/docs/etc, whilst still the bot able to reply messages and chat on the behalf of the customer when the buys and allows that feature. Other features are: import contacts, backup to gdrive and other backup options, abitlity to use official whatsapp api marketing strategy (this part of the project must be like https://wanotifier.com/) and other reasonable features that will require premium plan. They can then view the bot actions, metrics, statistics, tracking and many more (reasonable tier planned). customers can do payments using the available payment methods (like stripe and any other payment methods)."
